README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: added license and edited README.md (#15)
* Update README.md

* Create LICENSE

README.md, after:

# 🧺 LaundryVille LaundryStation Tracker 🧺

Keep your laundry business sparkling clean and organized with LaundryVille! This nifty tracker helps you manage earnings, keep tabs on laundry pickups, and store all your precious customer data.  No more lost socks or forgotten orders! 🎉

## ✨ Features ✨

*   **Dashboard:** Get a bird's-eye view of your earnings with filtering options and a handy table showing laundry ready for pickup.  Cha-ching! 💰
*   **New Entry:** Add new customers and their laundry details with ease.  Quick and simple! 📝
*   **Customer Data:**  A comprehensive table of all your customers and their laundry history.  Know your customers, know your business! 🤓

## 🏃‍♀️ How to Run 🏃‍♂️

1.  Make sure you have Node.js installed. (If not, grab it [here](https://nodejs.org/).)
2.  Clone this repo: `git clone https://github.com/ayzabelled/LaundryVille-Tracker.git` 
3.  Open the project folder: `cd LaundryVille-Tracker`
4.  Install the dependencies: `pnpm i` (If you don't have pnpm, install it globally with `npm install -g pnpm`)
5.  **Set up your database with Neon:**
    *   Create a Neon account (if you don't have one already).  They have a generous free tier!
    *   Create a new project and database instance.
    *   Neon will provide you with a connection string (something like `postgres://user:password@host:port/database`).  This is your `DATABASE_URL`!  **Keep this secret!**
6.  Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your database URL: `DATABASE_URL='your_database_url'`  (Don't forget the single quotes! And keep this file secret!)

## 💖 Contributing 💖

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests. Let's make LaundryVille the best laundry tracker ever! ✨

## 📝 License 📝

[MIT](LICENSE)

##  🙏 Acknowledgements 🙏

A big thank you to all the amazing open-source libraries that made LaundryVille possible!
